So now it's time for
us to make sure that these new
packages that we just
added to our project,
they do the same things that we
have benefitted from so far.
And you can see Like,
we've already talked about this stuff.
So these are already set up with some
of the things we've done so far.
They already know about scripting.
Right?
They already take responsibility for
their own clean Now,
let's check this one just to make
sure everything is copacetic.
Looks good.
This one has different like an additional
script which is totally fine for
it to do this.
Cuz in the case of this UI, it has some
functionality that just doesn't apply to
other things, right, starting up a local
web server like that doesn't really
make so much sense in the context
of just type information.
But here, it's great.
All right, let's see if Yarn build works.
Building the workspace everything
should have stuff in a dist folder.
And in fact, we do.
Now let's say let's try Yarn went
starting with the types package,
then utils, and then data.
And then finally the UI.
We didn't make it past data looks
like we have a problem here.
What's the problem?
I have a debugger somewhere.
I should probably remove that.
Good job linter Types he tells
again going from the bottom up
Success across the board.
Now, if I wanted to make that
run a little bit faster.
All that have to do is go like this.
Let's see what happens.
So I basically this is how many
lanes I allow on the highway.
When I only have one lane.
The cars are ordered in
a way that makes sense.
lowest level first and then building up.
Here, up to four things can
happen at the same time.
But if this works the way I suspect
it well, we're still going to have so
it's like types in utils so I save this
interesting, still seems pretty serial
I know why it's serial This is a good
opportunity for me to talk about this.
So we introduced a fake dependency.
Right?
We said that I depend on types utils
depends on types.
We don't have a need for this anymore.
We have some real examples in our
project now, so I can run yarn,
I can learn a link I've removed that.
So now like the way we had things
before it was types utils data UI.
Now that we've removed that
interdependency of the two lowest layer,
two lowest layers, it's types in utils.
Together, then data then UI.
Let's see if it makes a difference.
See that?
See how they're interleaved, utils and
types of going together first,
and then data by itself,
and then the ui by itself.
So we kind of sped our build up because
there's no reason why you can't do those
two things together.
For lint errors, this might be okay.
Given that interleaved output,
I mean, for that kind of thing,
I'm just kind of clicking on single lines.
I don't really care where they
are as I address this stuff.
Tests are a bit different cuz often
you have a folder of tests and
then Some assertions and
if things get mixed up.
Those lines of output don't
really stand on their own.
And as many things get interleaved,
it can get really confusing linting
I'm a little more tolerant of it.
But there you go, you're seeing that
learner does a good job of figuring out
the right order to do things and
even though I allow up to 4 things
to happen at the same time,
Our dependency graph of our own packages
doesn't really permit us to go up to four.
It's just not we don't like at most.
We have two things on a particular layer
and we build layer by layer by layer.
Thank you start, hopefully you're starting
to see some of the value that a tool like
this adds to your project.
And it's important to understand also that
all the tools that are aiming to compete
with lerna in this space,
they tend to aim to do the same thing.
So if you're interested in
the rush stack from Microsoft or
bolt is an up and coming yarn
like purely yarn based mono repo
tool that is currently,
in progress and an early preview.
They could be a drop in replacement.
I mean not in terms of
the commands are exactly the same.
I guess that's what a drop
in replacement would be.
But they do equivalent work, right?
They aim to make things like this
easy because this at a large scale,
large number of packages, this kind
of stuff just gets to the point where
even the most meticulous team
will often make mistakes in
managing this stuff the right way,
building things in the right order.
Write so that you don't have like,
This new package compiled but
only with the stale out stale
old build from this old thing so
everything looks good but
it's not really good.
Like you don't want that you
want to build in this order.